[#896] Undo EFSL changes (#897)
eclipse-ee4j/jaxrs-api: jaxrs-spec/src/main/asciidoc/chapters/license/_license-efsl.adoc

Release: {revdate}
....

> === Copyright

Reviewer: Keep existing changes

> Copyright (c) 2019 Eclipse Foundation.

Reviewer: Keep existing changes

The notice is:

> "Copyright (c) 2018 Eclipse Foundation. This software or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Copyright (c) [$date-of-document] Eclipse Foundation. This software or
```
